[FIX] l10n_in: update gsp provider name (#16133)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/india.rst

.. image:: india/india-modules.png
   :alt: Indian localization modules

.. _india/gsp_configuration:

GSP Configuration
=================

To use the e-Invoicing and E-Way bill services in Odoo, you must first configure
:guilabel:`BVM IT Consulting Services India Private Limited` as your :abbr:`GSP (GST Suvidha Provider)`.

Go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Settings --> Select GSP Provider` and select
:guilabel:`BVM IT Consulting` as your GSP.

   .. image:: india/gsp-configuration.png
      :alt: GSP Configuration

.. important::

>    If you do not see this option in your Settings, then update the :guilabel:`Indian - Accounting` `l10n_in` module.

Reviewer: Since this seems to be specific to e-invoicing and e-way bills, I would remove the section you added and instead:

- Add the instructions directly in the Configuration in Odoo subsection of the e-Invoice system main section, on line 106-107, instead of the sentence you added there (rephrased as per my sugestion below).
- See my other comments for other adaptations in relation to this.

```suggestion

.. _india/e-invoicing/gsp:

Then, scroll to the :guilabel:`GSP provider` section and set the :guilabel:`GSP` field to :guilabel:`BVM IT Consulting Services India Private Limited`.

.. note::
   If you do not see this option in the Accounting settings, :ref:`upgrade <general/upgrade>` the :guilabel:`Indian - Accounting` (`l10n_in`) module.
```
